{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Greetings from Andromeda!\
\
Thank you for downloading the first edition of Fermi\'92s Riffs. In this pack, you\'92ll find 40 different samples spanned across four traditional styles of guitar genres. This pack is completely free and as such, you are free to use any and all sounds in here royalty-free. Cut, edit, chop, and slice up the samples however you like! \
\
I also encourage you to send this pack to any of your friends/producers you know that may find the sounds in here useful. As a producer whose primary weapon of choice is his guitar, my aim with this pack is to help other producers who may not play guitar/know a guitarist implement more realistic and human guitar sounds in their songs. \
\
Finally, given that this pack is free, the only thing I ask in return is for you to check out/follow my instagram page @fermimusic. One aim for me in creating this pack was to give my artistry a bigger platform by giving back to the community rather than just blindly seeking follows (I\'92d never ask for money for a sound pack). \
\
Thank you for being a part of Fermi\'92s journey and have fun riffing away! 
\f1 \uc0\u55356 \u57272 \
\

\f0 (P.S) DM me your songs with my riffs on Instagram if you want someone to give em a listen/any feedback! I love hearing what you can do with my riffs.\
}